README.md, before:

Widgetfy
========

**Widgetfy** is a PHP library to translate URLs of video sites into the
embed / widget.

Example Code
------------

```php

require_once 'PATH/TO/Widgetfy/autoload.php';

use Phata\Widgetfy\Core as Widgetfy;

// simple setup
if (($embed = Widgetfy::translate($link)) != NULL) {
    echo $embed['html'];
}

// adjust all video to width 640px, if the source support that
$options = array('width'=>640);
if (($embed = Widgetfy::translate($link, $options)) != NULL) {
    echo $embed['html'];
}

```

For more detailed documentation, please visit our
[Documentation page on GitHub](https://github.com/Phata/Widgetfy/wiki/Documentation).


Branches
--------

Branch | Purpose          | PHP Version       | Status
-------|------------------|-------------------|----------------------------------------
2.x    | Stable / Default | 7.1, 7.2          | ![Travis Test Status][travis-badge-2.x]
1.x    | Maintenance      | 5.3, 5.4 5.5, 5.6 | ![Travis Test Status][travis-badge-1.x]
master | Development      | 7.1, 7.2          | ![Travis Test Status][travis-badge]

[travis-badge-2.x]: https://api.travis-ci.org/phata/widgetfy.svg?branch=2.x
[travis-badge-1.x]: https://api.travis-ci.org/phata/widgetfy.svg?branch=1.x
[travis-badge]: https://api.travis-ci.org/phata/widgetfy.svg?branch=master



Licence
-------

This file is part of Widgetfy.

Widgetfy is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

Widgetfy is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public Licensefor more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with Widgetfy.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html>.

Commit message:

improved README
* added composer based install instructions.
* update example to use composer autoload script.
* improve license section with formatting and link.

README.md, after:

Widgetfy
========

**Widgetfy** is a PHP library to translate URLs of video sites into the
embed / widget.

Install
-------

First, install [composer] to your development platform.

Then run this in your project folder:

```shell
composer require phata/widgetfy
```

composer: [https://getcomposer.org/download/]

Example Code
------------

```php

// require the composer autoload script
require_once './vendor/autoload.php';

use Phata\Widgetfy\Core as Widgetfy;

// simple setup
if (($embed = Widgetfy::translate($link)) != NULL) {
    echo $embed['html'];
}

// adjust all video to width 640px, if the source support that
$options = array('width'=>640);
if (($embed = Widgetfy::translate($link, $options)) != NULL) {
    echo $embed['html'];
}

```

For more detailed documentation, please visit our
[Documentation page on GitHub](https://github.com/Phata/Widgetfy/wiki/Documentation).


Branches
--------

Branch | Purpose          | PHP Version       | Status
-------|------------------|-------------------|----------------------------------------
2.x    | Stable / Default | 7.1, 7.2          | ![Travis Test Status][travis-badge-2.x]
1.x    | Maintenance      | 5.3, 5.4 5.5, 5.6 | ![Travis Test Status][travis-badge-1.x]
master | Development      | 7.1, 7.2          | ![Travis Test Status][travis-badge]

[travis-badge-2.x]: https://api.travis-ci.org/phata/widgetfy.svg?branch=2.x
[travis-badge-1.x]: https://api.travis-ci.org/phata/widgetfy.svg?branch=1.x
[travis-badge]: https://api.travis-ci.org/phata/widgetfy.svg?branch=master

Licence
-------

This file is part of Widgetfy.

Widgetfy is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

Widgetfy is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public Licensefor more
details.

You should have received [a copy](LICENSE) of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with Widgetfy.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html>.
